hey what everybody this is Stevie breach
coming to you and this is the year that
Undertaker will lose at WrestleMania
going into this The Undertaker is 80 90
which is a great streak at WrestleMania
when you look at it you know he's had
two big matches in this whole
WrestleMania streak he beat psycho sit
for the title he beat edged the title in
the main event he know he was able to
retire Shawn Michaels but when you look
at it he had a lot of duds throughout
their so the people out there that say
that Undertaker has to retire with this
streak intact at 20 and now I just don't
see it because you know there's more
money to be made out there by take your
losing the street than having him just
get there you know because right now
with the story coming out about his
shoulder basically got hurt and he
waited too long trying to trying to fix
it on his own like through you know
working out and stuff like that and not
getting surgery it got to the point
where it's broken down and it's not able
to be repaired again so if you could
make him get the 20 no like you haven't
beat Triple H and move on to the next
Wrestlemania next year he's gonna be
limping to get there I mean he's gonna
be like the one guy nobody wants to
touch because you don't want you know
that shoulder to get hurt again you
don't want to be the one guy that hurts
taker and takes him out of next
WrestleMania I mean he's barely able to
compete at this one he's been out since
the buried alive match with Kane and you
know you just barely rolling in there on
his wheelchair to get there but I have a
lot of respect for the entertainer
Easy's one of the guys that was able to
watch from day one when he debuted at
the Survivor Series you reach the young
tyke was able to watch him all the way
up to now the inner taker you know the
dead man the biker gimmick and didn't
until today so I mean he's one of the
few guys that I was able to say that I
watched and it'll come from day one as
being you know the young guy they
willing guy that in WCW that they didn't
want to use into making him the
Undertaker moving them all the way up
into the legend is today but when you
talk legends all lessons have to have a
day where they walk away and every
legends gonna want to be the guy that
has the big storyline finish in order to
be there nobody wants to be the one guy
that just shorted like on the back page
gets released
get anything and you know next thing you
know he's working your high school GM
you know a little indie show so
Undertaker deserves a lot of respect and
I think this is a year that you have to
end the streak I think that um Triple H
take it'll have a great match I think
even before they get in the ring a lot
of people know this is going to be a
high high quality match I mean it's
gonna be headlining WrestleMania to be
the last batch on the card that's gonna
be the go home and I only anybody's
gonna go home unhappy I know both of
these guys are going to give everything
they can and these guys you go to mix
well if you go back and watch their last
you know their past matches it's been a
while since we've seen one but you know
these are real real good high quality
matches that they don't you know won't
let you down but basically I see Triple
H beating taker and now taker is going
to be able to get so you know in Gulf
and range that it took his streak you
know the one thing that when you think
of the Undertaker that's the first thing
you always name you don't name how many
times he's been champion you don't name
you know the feuds he's been you always
say all undefeated at WrestleMania
that's just you know what you think of
and you know Triple H you can say what
you want to about him he's my favorite
wrestler people think the Triple H
booked himself just to take the street
just so he can be the one guy that says
he did it he doesn't need that I mean
you know his career speaks for itself
he's one of the greatest wrestlers that
are out there not taking any way
anything away from the inner taker but I
just think that there's money to be made
here basically that you know triple H is
going to be at the top of the game if
he's on Raw he's on Smackdown whatever
he does the next year you know that he's
going to be on top you know that easy to
be trying to get those title reigns up
that they're probably gonna build
asteroid line where he's getting close
to the 60 title reigns of Ric Flair and
you know he's going to be on top and I
can see that you know Triple H building
up to a big main event for that for the
title at a pay-per-view and in takers
the guy to cost him like every time take
a near Triple H gets close to something
take hers the one guy that does it so
that you know we finally gets to it he's
like you know fuck it yeah you know it
around Rumble time and he's like I want
Undertaker I want to begin
took a streak and I'll and I'll beat
them again I'm tired of messing with me
and I think that that's you know the
Builder that we need to need to see the
you know taker come out again it's
triple a chance and again next year you
know it'll be his 20th WrestleMania
which is still a big accomplishment i'm
sure by far you know he'll be at the top
of anybody that's ever competed
WrestleMania by that many but I just
don't see them you know having him limp
into WrestleMania is the one guy that
nobody wants to touch next year i think
when i went to the Smackdown house show
he was advertised one of the first you
know shows back and honestly the match
was a two against five it was the core
and Alberto Del Rio against the Big Show
and edge and all we really got was you
know the gong of his theme song the
lights came on take her with standing on
the ramp then a dong went off again and
he wasn't even there anymore yeah some
steam rolling out from her the ring
everybody thought they was under there
so you know basically if you blinked you
didn't get to see the Undertaker and I
think a lot of fans out there you know I
don't think they would mind just the
rush of seeing Undertaker at that shows
whether it's roz or smackdowns I'm not
real sure if they put up on the road for
yo house shows just for that be kind of
a waste of a payday but honestly just
that one more time of seeing taker come
out against Triple H I think that's what
you need I don't know any other way that
you can build you know a big storyline
for him next year honestly there's
always new guys that come in but there's
nobody on the roster besides for Triple
H there you know particular to fight to
have that big draw feel nobody wants to
see him fight Kane again I would
honestly would like to see you know
taker and Kane sort of patch things up
is the brothers not the biggest fan of
the been being a tag team that's two
guys that big short of intimidating for
anybody out there to go fight it's hard
to see that these you know past former
champions would be a tag team again when
the tag titles and have somebody out
there legitimately beat them but
basically that's what i would do to
Undertaker I think there's a lot of
money in this WrestleMania with the hem
of the headlining that I think if you
pass it on down to next year I think
that both of these guys could in their
career on a high note and
make a lot of money